yarn run v1.22.10
$ prettier --write .
.github\FUNDING.yml 26ms
.github\ISSUE_TEMPLATE\---bug-report.md 233ms
.github\ISSUE_TEMPLATE\---feature-request.md 13ms
.github\ISSUE_TEMPLATE\--support-question.md 5ms
.github\PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md 5ms
.github\workflows\CI.yml 7ms
.prettierrc.json 31ms
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md 39ms
CONTRIBUTING.md 26ms
notNeededPackages.json 3ms
package.json 5ms
README.md 39ms
types\three\examples\jsm\animation\AnimationClipCreator.d.ts 18ms
types\three\examples\jsm\animation\CCDIKSolver.d.ts 19ms
types\three\examples\jsm\animation\MMDAnimationHelper.d.ts 56ms
types\three\examples\jsm\animation\MMDPhysics.d.ts 75ms
types\three\examples\jsm\cameras\CinematicCamera.d.ts 17ms
types\three\examples\jsm\controls\DeviceOrientationControls.d.ts 13ms
types\three\examples\jsm\controls\DragControls.d.ts 12ms
types\three\examples\jsm\controls\FirstPersonControls.d.ts 15ms
types\three\examples\jsm\controls\FlyControls.d.ts 10ms
types\three\examples\jsm\controls\OrbitControls.d.ts 21ms
types\three\examples\jsm\controls\PointerLockControls.d.ts 9ms
types\three\examples\jsm\controls\TrackballControls.d.ts 18ms
types\three\examples\jsm\controls\TransformControls.d.ts 11ms
types\three\examples\jsm\csm\CSM.d.ts 11ms
types\three\examples\jsm\csm\CSMHelper.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\csm\Frustum.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\csm\Shader.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\curves\CurveExtras.d.ts 19ms
types\three\examples\jsm\curves\NURBSCurve.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\curves\NURBSSurface.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\curves\NURBSUtils.d.ts 13ms
types\three\examples\jsm\deprecated\Geometry.d.ts 56ms
types\three\examples\jsm\effects\AnaglyphEffect.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\effects\AsciiEffect.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\effects\OutlineEffect.d.ts 16ms
types\three\examples\jsm\effects\ParallaxBarrierEffect.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\effects\PeppersGhostEffect.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\effects\StereoEffect.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\environments\RoomEnvironment.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\exporters\ColladaExporter.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\exporters\DRACOExporter.d.ts 8ms
types\three\examples\jsm\exporters\GLTFExporter.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\exporters\MMDExporter.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\exporters\OBJExporter.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\exporters\PLYExporter.d.ts 10ms
types\three\examples\jsm\exporters\STLExporter.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\exporters\USDZExporter.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\geometries\BoxLineGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\geometries\ConvexGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\geometries\DecalGeometry.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\geometries\LightningStrike.d.ts 18ms
types\three\examples\jsm\geometries\ParametricGeometries.d.ts 10ms
types\three\examples\jsm\geometries\RoundedBoxGeometry.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\geometries\TeapotGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\helpers\LightProbeHelper.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\helpers\PositionalAudioHelper.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\helpers\RectAreaLightHelper.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\helpers\VertexNormalsHelper.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\helpers\VertexTangentsHelper.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\interactive\SelectionBox.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\interactive\SelectionHelper.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\libs\fflate.module.min.d.ts 137ms
types\three\examples\jsm\libs\stats.module.d.ts 16ms
types\three\examples\jsm\lights\LightProbeGenerator.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\lights\RectAreaLightUniformsLib.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\lines\Line2.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\lines\LineGeometry.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\lines\LineMaterial.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\lines\LineSegments2.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\lines\LineSegmentsGeometry.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\lines\Wireframe.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\lines\WireframeGeometry2.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\3DMLoader.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\3MFLoader.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\AMFLoader.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\BasisTextureLoader.d.ts 9ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\BVHLoader.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\ColladaLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\DDSLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\DRACOLoader.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\EXRLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\FBXLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\GCodeLoader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\GLTFLoader.d.ts 23ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\HDRCubeTextureLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\IFCLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\KMZLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\KTX2Loader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\KTXLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\LDrawLoader.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\LottieLoader.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\LUT3dlLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\LUTCubeLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\LWOLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\MD2Loader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\MDDLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\MMDLoader.d.ts 11ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\MTLLoader.d.ts 10ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\NRRDLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\OBJLoader.d.ts 8ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\PCDLoader.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\PDBLoader.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\PLYLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\PRWMLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\PVRLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\RGBELoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\RGBMLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\STLLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\SVGLoader.d.ts 13ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\TDSLoader.d.ts 11ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\TGALoader.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\TiltLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\TTFLoader.d.ts 8ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\VOXLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\VRMLLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\VRMLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\VTKLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\XLoader.d.ts 24ms
types\three\examples\jsm\loaders\XYZLoader.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\math\Capsule.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\math\ColorConverter.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\math\ConvexHull.d.ts 17ms
types\three\examples\jsm\math\ImprovedNoise.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\math\Lut.d.ts 8ms
types\three\examples\jsm\math\MeshSurfaceSampler.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\math\OBB.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\math\Octree.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\math\SimplexNoise.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\ConvexObjectBreaker.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\GPUComputationRenderer.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\Gyroscope.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\MD2Character.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\MD2CharacterComplex.d.ts 9ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\MorphAnimMesh.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\MorphBlendMesh.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\ProgressiveLightMap.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\RollerCoaster.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\TubePainter.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\Volume.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\misc\VolumeSlice.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\modifiers\CurveModifier.d.ts 28ms
types\three\examples\jsm\modifiers\EdgeSplitModifier.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\modifiers\SimplifyModifier.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\modifiers\TessellateModifier.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\accessors\CameraNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\accessors\ColorsNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\accessors\LightNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\accessors\NormalNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\accessors\PositionNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\accessors\ReflectNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\accessors\ResolutionNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\accessors\ScreenUVNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\accessors\UVNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\AttributeNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\ConstNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\ExpressionNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\FunctionCallNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\FunctionNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\InputNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\Node.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\NodeBuilder.d.ts 16ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\NodeFrame.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\NodeLib.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\NodeUniform.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\NodeUtils.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\StructNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\TempNode.d.ts 8ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\core\VarNode.d.ts 12ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\effects\BlurNode.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\effects\ColorAdjustmentNode.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\effects\LuminanceNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\BoolNode.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\ColorNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\CubeTextureNode.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\FloatNode.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\IntNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\Matrix3Node.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\Matrix4Node.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\PropertyNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\ReflectorNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\RTTNode.d.ts 8ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\ScreenNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\TextureNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\Vector2Node.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\Vector3Node.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\inputs\Vector4Node.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\BasicNodeMaterial.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\MeshStandardNodeMaterial.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\NodeMaterial.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\nodes\BasicNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\nodes\MeshStandardNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\nodes\PhongNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\nodes\RawNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\nodes\SpriteNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\nodes\StandardNode.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\PhongNodeMaterial.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\SpriteNodeMaterial.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\materials\StandardNodeMaterial.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\math\CondNode.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\math\MathNode.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\math\OperatorNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\misc\BumpMapNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\misc\NormalMapNode.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\misc\TextureCubeNode.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\misc\TextureCubeUVNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\Nodes.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\postprocessing\NodePass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\postprocessing\NodePostProcessing.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\procedural\CheckerNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\procedural\NoiseNode.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\BypassNode.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\ColorSpaceNode.d.ts 10ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\JoinNode.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\MaxMIPLevelNode.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\SpecularMIPLevelNode.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\SubSlot.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\SwitchNode.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\TimerNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\UVTransformNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\nodes\utils\VelocityNode.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\Lensflare.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\LightningStorm.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\MarchingCubes.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\Reflector.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\ReflectorForSSRPass.d.ts 8ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\ReflectorRTT.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\Refractor.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\ShadowMesh.d.ts 9ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\Sky.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\Water.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\objects\Water2.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\physics\AmmoPhysics.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\AdaptiveToneMappingPass.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\AfterimagePass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\BloomPass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\BokehPass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\ClearPass.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\CubeTexturePass.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\DotScreenPass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\EffectComposer.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\FilmPass.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\GlitchPass.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\HalftonePass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\LUTPass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\MaskPass.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\OutlinePass.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\Pass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\RenderPass.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\SAOPass.d.ts 10ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\SavePass.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\ShaderPass.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\SMAAPass.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\SSAARenderPass.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\SSAOPass.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\SSRPass.d.ts 11ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\SSRrPass.d.ts 10ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\TAARenderPass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\TexturePass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\postprocessing\UnrealBloomPass.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\renderers\CSS2DRenderer.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\renderers\CSS3DRenderer.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\renderers\Projector.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\renderers\SVGRenderer.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\AfterimageShader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\BasicShader.d.ts 1ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\BleachBypassShader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\BlendShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\BokehShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\BokehShader2.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\BrightnessContrastShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\ColorCorrectionShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\ColorifyShader.d.ts 1ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\ConvolutionShader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\CopyShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\DepthLimitedBlurShader.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\DigitalGlitch.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\DOFMipMapShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\DotScreenShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\FilmShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\FocusShader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\FreiChenShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\FresnelShader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\FXAAShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\GammaCorrectionShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\GodRaysShader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\HalftoneShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\HorizontalBlurShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\HorizontalTiltShiftShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\HueSaturationShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\KaleidoShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\LuminosityHighPassShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\LuminosityShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\MirrorShader.d.ts 1ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\NormalMapShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\ParallaxShader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\PixelShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\RGBShiftShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\SAOShader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\SepiaShader.d.ts 15ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\SMAAShader.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\SobelOperatorShader.d.ts 1ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\SSAOShader.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\SSRrShader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\SSRShader.d.ts 6ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\SubsurfaceScatteringShader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\TechnicolorShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\ToneMapShader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\ToonShader.d.ts 7ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\TriangleBlurShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\UnpackDepthRGBAShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\VerticalBlurShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\VerticalTiltShiftShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\VignetteShader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\VolumeShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\shaders\WaterRefractionShader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\utils\BufferGeometryUtils.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\utils\GeometryCompressionUtils.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\utils\GeometryUtils.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\utils\RoughnessMipmapper.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\utils\SceneUtils.d.ts 5ms
types\three\examples\jsm\utils\ShadowMapViewer.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\utils\SkeletonUtils.d.ts 4ms
types\three\examples\jsm\utils\UVsDebug.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\WebGL.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\webxr\ARButton.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\webxr\VRButton.d.ts 1ms
types\three\examples\jsm\webxr\XRControllerModelFactory.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\webxr\XREstimatedLight.d.ts 3ms
types\three\examples\jsm\webxr\XRHandModelFactory.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\webxr\XRHandOculusMeshModel.d.ts 2ms
types\three\examples\jsm\webxr\XRHandPrimitiveModel.d.ts 2ms
types\three\index.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\animation\AnimationAction.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\animation\AnimationClip.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\animation\AnimationMixer.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\animation\AnimationObjectGroup.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\animation\AnimationUtils.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\animation\KeyframeTrack.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\animation\PropertyBinding.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\animation\PropertyMixer.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\animation\tracks\BooleanKeyframeTrack.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\animation\tracks\ColorKeyframeTrack.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\animation\tracks\NumberKeyframeTrack.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\animation\tracks\QuaternionKeyframeTrack.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\animation\tracks\StringKeyframeTrack.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\animation\tracks\VectorKeyframeTrack.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\audio\Audio.d.ts 12ms
types\three\src\audio\AudioAnalyser.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\audio\AudioContext.d.ts 1ms
types\three\src\audio\AudioListener.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\audio\PositionalAudio.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\cameras\ArrayCamera.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\cameras\Camera.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\cameras\CubeCamera.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\cameras\OrthographicCamera.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\cameras\PerspectiveCamera.d.ts 9ms
types\three\src\cameras\StereoCamera.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\constants.d.ts 32ms
types\three\src\core\BufferAttribute.d.ts 27ms
types\three\src\core\BufferGeometry.d.ts 16ms
types\three\src\core\Clock.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\core\EventDispatcher.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\core\GLBufferAttribute.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\core\InstancedBufferAttribute.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\core\InstancedBufferGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\core\InstancedInterleavedBuffer.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\core\InterleavedBuffer.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\core\InterleavedBufferAttribute.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\core\Layers.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\core\Object3D.d.ts 27ms
types\three\src\core\Raycaster.d.ts 9ms
types\three\src\core\Uniform.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\extras\core\Curve.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\extras\core\CurvePath.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\extras\core\Font.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\extras\core\Path.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\extras\core\Shape.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\extras\core\ShapePath.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\ArcCurve.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\CatmullRomCurve3.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\CubicBezierCurve.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\CubicBezierCurve3.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\Curves.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\EllipseCurve.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\LineCurve.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\LineCurve3.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\QuadraticBezierCurve.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\QuadraticBezierCurve3.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\extras\curves\SplineCurve.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\extras\DataUtils.d.ts 1ms
types\three\src\extras\ImageUtils.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\extras\objects\ImmediateRenderObject.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\extras\PMREMGenerator.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\extras\ShapeUtils.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\BoxGeometry.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\geometries\CircleGeometry.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\geometries\ConeGeometry.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\geometries\CylinderGeometry.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\geometries\DodecahedronGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\EdgesGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\ExtrudeGeometry.d.ts 12ms
types\three\src\geometries\Geometries.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\IcosahedronGeometry.d.ts 9ms
types\three\src\geometries\LatheGeometry.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\geometries\OctahedronGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\ParametricGeometry.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\geometries\PlaneGeometry.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\geometries\PolyhedronGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\RingGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\ShapeGeometry.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\geometries\SphereGeometry.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\geometries\TetrahedronGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\TextGeometry.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\geometries\TorusGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\TorusKnotGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\TubeGeometry.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\geometries\WireframeGeometry.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\helpers\ArrowHelper.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\helpers\AxesHelper.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\helpers\Box3Helper.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\helpers\BoxHelper.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\helpers\CameraHelper.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\helpers\DirectionalLightHelper.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\helpers\GridHelper.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\helpers\HemisphereLightHelper.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\helpers\PlaneHelper.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\helpers\PointLightHelper.d.ts 9ms
types\three\src\helpers\PolarGridHelper.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\helpers\SkeletonHelper.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\helpers\SpotLightHelper.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\lights\AmbientLight.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\lights\AmbientLightProbe.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\lights\DirectionalLight.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\lights\DirectionalLightShadow.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\lights\HemisphereLight.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\lights\HemisphereLightProbe.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\lights\Light.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\lights\LightProbe.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\lights\LightShadow.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\lights\PointLight.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\lights\PointLightShadow.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\lights\RectAreaLight.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\lights\SpotLight.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\lights\SpotLightShadow.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\loaders\AnimationLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\loaders\AudioLoader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\loaders\BufferGeometryLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\loaders\Cache.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\loaders\CompressedTextureLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\loaders\CubeTextureLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\loaders\DataTextureLoader.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\loaders\FileLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\loaders\FontLoader.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\loaders\ImageBitmapLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\loaders\ImageLoader.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\loaders\Loader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\loaders\LoaderUtils.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\loaders\LoadingManager.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\loaders\MaterialLoader.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\loaders\ObjectLoader.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\loaders\TextureLoader.d.ts 19ms
types\three\src\materials\LineBasicMaterial.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\materials\LineDashedMaterial.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\materials\Material.d.ts 18ms
types\three\src\materials\Materials.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshBasicMaterial.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshDepthMaterial.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshDistanceMaterial.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshLambertMaterial.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshMatcapMaterial.d.ts 10ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshNormalMaterial.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshPhongMaterial.d.ts 11ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshPhysicalMaterial.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshStandardMaterial.d.ts 14ms
types\three\src\materials\MeshToonMaterial.d.ts 13ms
types\three\src\materials\PointsMaterial.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\materials\RawShaderMaterial.d.ts 1ms
types\three\src\materials\ShaderMaterial.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\materials\ShadowMaterial.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\materials\SpriteMaterial.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\math\Box2.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\math\Box3.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\math\Color.d.ts 13ms
types\three\src\math\Cylindrical.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\math\Euler.d.ts 26ms
types\three\src\math\Frustum.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\math\Interpolant.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\math\interpolants\CubicInterpolant.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\math\interpolants\DiscreteInterpolant.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\math\interpolants\LinearInterpolant.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\math\interpolants\QuaternionLinearInterpolant.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\math\Line3.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\math\MathUtils.d.ts 9ms
types\three\src\math\Matrix3.d.ts 15ms
types\three\src\math\Matrix4.d.ts 27ms
types\three\src\math\Plane.d.ts 9ms
types\three\src\math\Quaternion.d.ts 11ms
types\three\src\math\Ray.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\math\Sphere.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\math\Spherical.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\math\SphericalHarmonics3.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\math\Triangle.d.ts 16ms
types\three\src\math\Vector2.d.ts 30ms
types\three\src\math\Vector3.d.ts 26ms
types\three\src\math\Vector4.d.ts 12ms
types\three\src\objects\Bone.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\objects\Group.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\objects\InstancedMesh.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\objects\Line.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\objects\LineLoop.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\objects\LineSegments.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\objects\LOD.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\objects\Mesh.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\objects\Points.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\objects\Skeleton.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\objects\SkinnedMesh.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\objects\Sprite.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\renderers\shaders\ShaderChunk.d.ts 9ms
types\three\src\renderers\shaders\ShaderLib.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\renderers\shaders\UniformsLib.d.ts 11ms
types\three\src\renderers\shaders\UniformsUtils.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLAttributes.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLBindingStates.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLBufferRenderer.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLCapabilities.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLClipping.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLCubeMaps.d.ts 1ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLExtensions.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLGeometries.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLIndexedBufferRenderer.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLInfo.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLLights.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLObjects.d.ts 1ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLProgram.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLPrograms.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLProperties.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLRenderLists.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLShader.d.ts 1ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLShadowMap.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLState.d.ts 9ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLTextures.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLUniforms.d.ts 16ms
types\three\src\renderers\webgl\WebGLUtils.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\renderers\WebGL1Renderer.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\renderers\WebGLCubeRenderTarget.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\renderers\WebGLMultisampleRenderTarget.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\renderers\WebGLRenderer.d.ts 31ms
types\three\src\renderers\WebGLRenderTarget.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\renderers\webxr\WebXR.d.ts 31ms
types\three\src\renderers\webxr\WebXRController.d.ts 2ms
types\three\src\renderers\webxr\WebXRManager.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\scenes\Fog.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\scenes\FogExp2.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\scenes\Scene.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\textures\CanvasTexture.d.ts 6ms
types\three\src\textures\CompressedTexture.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\textures\CubeTexture.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\textures\DataTexture.d.ts 5ms
types\three\src\textures\DataTexture2DArray.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\textures\DataTexture3D.d.ts 4ms
types\three\src\textures\DepthTexture.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\textures\Texture.d.ts 7ms
types\three\src\textures\VideoTexture.d.ts 3ms
types\three\src\Three.d.ts 8ms
types\three\src\Three.Legacy.d.ts 1ms
types\three\test\buffergeometry\buffergeometry-instancing-interleaved.ts 42ms
types\three\test\cameras\camera-array.ts 42ms
types\three\test\cameras\camera-cinematic.ts 36ms
types\three\test\cameras\camera.ts 47ms
types\three\test\geometries\geometry-buffer.ts 14ms
types\three\test\geometries\geometry-cube.ts 12ms
types\three\test\geometries\geometry-shapes.ts 78ms
types\three\test\lights\lights-hemisphere.ts 25ms
types\three\test\lights\lights-physical.ts 50ms
types\three\test\lights\lights-pointlights.ts 29ms
types\three\test\lights\lights-pointlights2.ts 36ms
types\three\test\lights\lights-rectarealight.ts 14ms
types\three\test\lights\lights-spotlight.ts 13ms
types\three\test\lines\lines-line2.ts 19ms
types\three\test\loaders\loaders-gltfloader-extensions.ts 46ms
types\three\test\loaders\loaders-gltfloader-plugin.ts 20ms
types\three\test\loaders\loaders-ifc.ts 18ms
types\three\test\loaders\loaders-mmdanimation.ts 13ms
types\three\test\loaders\loaders-obj-mtl.ts 15ms
types\three\test\loaders\loaders-svgloader.ts 25ms
types\three\test\loaders\loaders-tgaloader.ts 15ms
types\three\test\loaders\loaders-voxloader.ts 21ms
types\three\test\materials\materials-envmaps-hdr.ts 40ms
types\three\test\materials\materials-texture3d-partialupdate.ts 36ms
types\three\test\materials\materials-variations-basic.ts 23ms
types\three\test\materials\materials-variations-lambert.ts 27ms
types\three\test\materials\materials-variations-phong.ts 27ms
types\three\test\materials\materials-variations-physical.ts 19ms
types\three\test\materials\materials-variations-standard.ts 23ms
types\three\test\postprocessing\postprocessing-ssr.ts 20ms
types\three\test\postprocessing\postprocessing-ssrr.ts 30ms
types\three\test\renderers\renderers-renderTarget-texture2DArray.ts 17ms
types\three\test\renderers\webxr\webxr-vr-cube.ts 16ms
types\three\test\shadowmap\shadowmap-progressive.ts 33ms
types\three\test\webxr\webxr-ar-lighting.ts 14ms
types\three\test\webxr\webxr-vr-handinput-cubes.ts 30ms
types\three\three-tests.ts 5ms
types\three\tsconfig.json 4ms
types\three\tslint.json 1ms
Done in 6.71s.
